add `.serialize` method to runtimelog (#1255)
netket/netket: CHANGELOG.md

* The method `MCState.local_estimators` has been added, which returns the local estimators `O_loc(s) = 〈s|O|ψ〉 / 〈s|ψ〉` (which are known as local energies if `O` is the Hamiltonian). [#1179](https://github.com/netket/netket/pull/1179)
* The permutation equivariant {class}`nk.models.DeepSetRelDistance` for use with particles in periodic potentials has been added together with an example. [#1199](https://github.com/netket/netket/pull/1199)
* The class {class}`HDF5Log` has been added to the experimental submodule. This logger writes log data and variational state variables into a single HDF5 file. [#1200](https://github.com/netket/netket/issues/1200)

> * Added a new method {meth}`~nk.logging.RuntimeLog.serialize` to store the content of the logger to disk [#XXX](https://github.com/netket/netket/issues/XXX).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added a new method {meth}`~nk.logging.RuntimeLog.serialize` to store the content of the logger to disk [#1255](https://github.com/netket/netket/pull/1255).
```
